Ask contributors to update the documentation [ci-skip] (#42736)
rails/rails: guides/source/contributing_to_ruby_on_rails.md

The test suite runs with warnings enabled. Ideally, Ruby on Rails should issue no warnings, but there may be a few, as well as some from third-party libraries. Please ignore (or fix!) them, if any, and submit patches that do not issue new warnings.

> ### Updating the documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Updating the Documentation

```

> ### Updating the Documentation

Reviewer: Missing a newline here: 

```suggestion
### Updating the Documentation

```

> The Ruby on Rails [guides](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/) are designed to make developers immediately productive with Rails, and to help them understand how all of the pieces fit together.

Reviewer: There is a tendency to cram things into the guides that might be better suited to the API docs.  Perhaps we can nudge contributors in the right direction:

```suggestion
The Ruby on Rails [guides](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/) provide a high-level overview of Rails' features, while the [API documentation](https://api.rubyonrails.org/) delves into specifics.
```

> If your PR has added a new feature, or changed how an existing feature behaves, take a look at the guide for the impacted libraries and update the corresponding sections (or add a new one).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your PR adds a new feature, or changes how an existing feature behaves, check the relevant documentation and update it or add to it as necessary.
```

> For example, if your PR added [proxying to active storage](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/34477), you would need to add a new section to the active storage guide explaining how to use that. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if your PR added [proxying to Active Storage](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/34477), you would need to add a new section to the Active Storage guide explaining how to use that. 
```

> For example, if your PR added [proxying to active storage](https://github.com/rails/rails/pull/34477), you would need to add a new section to the active storage guide explaining how to use that. 

Reviewer 3: I'd avoid adding PRs as example to the guide. What makes that PR the best example? It is hard to tell. If we want to give examples, better to write it here.

> For example, if have made a change to Active Storage's image analyzer to add a new metadata value to the blobs, you should update the [Analyzing Files](https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/active_storage_overview.html#analyzing-files) section of the Active Storage guide to reflect that.

Reviewer: Regarding examples of updating the guides vs API docs, I don't think we need to go overboard.  I think one brief example here is fine.

```suggestion
For example, if you modify Active Storage's image analyzer to add a new metadata field, you should update the [Analyzing Files](https://edgeguides.rubyonrails.org/active_storage_overview.html#analyzing-files) section of the Active Storage guide to reflect that.
```

Your name can be added directly after the last word if there are no code
examples or multiple paragraphs. Otherwise, it's best to make a new paragraph.

> ### Ignoring files created by your editor/IDE

Author: @rafaelfranca I've also added this section. I was not aware that git had a global ignore file when I opened that PR to change Rails `.gitignore` and ended being quite embarrassed about having wasted your time like that 😅

> ### Ignoring Files Created by Your Editor / IDE

Reviewer: ...and here:

```suggestion
### Ignoring Files Created by Your Editor / IDE

```

> Some editors and IDEs will create a hidden folder inside the `rails` folder when you use them to write your code. Instead of manually removing them from every commit or adding them to Rails' `.gitignore`, you should configure a [global gitignore](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/ignoring-files#configuring-ignored-files-for-all-repositories-on-your-computer) in your computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some editors and IDEs will create hidden files or folders inside the `rails` folder. Instead of manually excluding those from each commit or adding them to Rails' `.gitignore`, you should add them to your own [global gitignore file](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/ignoring-files#configuring-ignored-files-for-all-repositories-on-your-computer).
```

It would be nice if the [official `gitignore` documentation](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore) had a direct example to link to like the GitHub page does.  Also, I wish the GitHub used (or at least mentioned) `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/git/ignore`.
